Hello! Thank you for checking out my TTRPG! This is still in very early development and will not be remotely playable for some time, but it is an exercise in worldbuilding for me as I postulate that having to write a game in this setting will help me develop it into one that makes sense. This file contains a basic introduction to the setting.
# FALLEN MOON
A very long time ago, a planet very similar to our own with intelligent life a lot like our own experienced an event very unlike anything we have. In the middle of that planet's Spring, a meteor struck its moon head-on. Around half of the debris from the impact fell down and hit the planet. Around a quarter got launched away from the planet into its star system. The final quarter managed to, eventually, fall into a stable orbit around the planet, giving it a ring system.
A very long time later, something resembling life began to emerge. They were not alive, per se, but they were not dead either. They were sentient. They looked at the bits of infrastructure scattered about and elected to use that as the basis for a new civilization. They had no name for whoever came before them. They called themselves Rubblefolk.
A very long time after that, the last of those first not-quite-alive-but-not-quite-dead creatures ceased to be. By that point, though, actual *life* had begun again to dominate the planet. Thanks to these new creatures, Rubblefolk are immortalized in folk-tales. The ones who came before Rubblefolk are not.
It is now some thousand-and-a-half years after the last of the Rubblefolk ceased to be. The new wave of sentient life is going strong and has successfully maintained and grown the civilization that Rubblefolk first fostered. These circumstances are a breeding ground for interesting goings-on. Why not guess at what some of them are?